The 1996 film Scream was originally titled Scary Movie before being changed! The title did manage to stay relevant in the Scream community forever due to the iconic Scream parody!
Ghost Face’s iconic mask originally had licensing issues with the original manufacturer until a little after a replacement had already been made and used for 2 scenes! You can still see the replacement if you look closely!
The first ever horror movie is 1920’s The Cabinet of Dr Caligari!
Freddy Kruger was named after the Wes Cravens childhood bully!
The original title for John Carpenters Halloween was The Baby Sitter Murders!
Matthew Lillard is Ghost Face, Shaggy, and Springtrap!
The priest in The Exorcist wasn’t played by an actor at all, he was played by an actual priest!
Micheal Myers iconic mask is just a spray painted Captain Kirk mask!
The snake that dies in Friday the 13th was a real snake. They killed a real snake. This is not a fun fact.
Ring and Ringu are completely different versions of the exact same story!
Halloween and Friday the 13th are the only slasher franchises that attempted to stop using the iconic slashers associated with them and fail.
Frankenstein itself isn’t copyrighted, the things on its neck are.
In the spirit Halloween movie, they burned someone’s real prop. They never gave him a refund or a replacement.
Iron Lung is the first major horror movie to get to number 1 and be made almost entirely by one person!
Robert Bobroczkyi’s first 2 acting roles are Captain Clark in Backrooms and Offspring in Alien Romulus!
My moms first and only horror game was Fatal Frame!
Kane Parsons was 20 years old when Backrooms came out.
Stephan King has written so many books that you’ve probably heard of one of his works without realizing!
Slenderman is not actually a Creepypasta, he was just mixed in due to timing.
Spirit Halloween is actually named after the founders original business, it was a women’s clothing store.
In Night of the Living dead, the Zombies are referred to as Ghouls due the term Zombie not being the name of any creature yet.
Reese’s peanut butter cups tend to consistently be Americas favourite Halloween candy every year!
Halloween comes from the Celtic festival of Samhain!
Black cats are traditionally considered bad luck on Halloween due to a lot of cultures already seeing them that way, but aren’t they cute???
Witch costumes are consistently more popular among adults!
The world’s biggest pumpkin was 2,819 lbs!
Originally, costumes were traditionally for hiding yourself from wandering spirits!
Approximately 35 million kids go trick or treating every year. Despite the holidays decline in popularity.
A banshee is a female spirit in Irish folklore who predicts death.
Fun candy bars should probably be renamed.
The Roman festival of Feralia influenced Halloween!
Vampires fear garlic, but vampires are actually fine in sunlight traditionally! It’s just count orlock who burns.
Micheal Myers appearance in Dead by Daylight had him be the only killer that didn’t have anything saying how he got into the realm, leaving almost every player to collectively come up with the theory that he just wandered it and there’s nothing the entity can do about it.
The first horror game is 1973’s Hunt the Wumpus! Despite that though, the first horror game is usually credited to 1982’s Haunted House!
The fog in silent hill wasn’t intended for aesthetics, it was entirely there so the console didn’t crash rendering everything!
Dead by Daylight is canon to the original Ring book series.
The monster in the movie Nope! was designed to be entirely possible to exist in earths real life ecosystem!
Fortnite was intended to be a realistic zombie survival game.
Both Half-Life and Half-Life 2 had very major leaks before they came out!
I am green and mean.
The Roblox game My Haunted House is quite possibly the best functioning Roblox Halloween themed game currently out there!
By technicality, both Frankensteins monster and Mummy’s are zombies!
Frankensteins monster was originally depicted as a sweet heart who was just insanely misunderstood!
In the game Team Fortress 2, it is canon that the Demomans eye comes out of his head every Halloween and that his eye is one of the boss fights!
Week 2 in the game Friday Nighy Funkin’ was originally only 2 songs until a data miner found the intended third song and charted it themself!
The webseries Spooky Month has different endings on Newgrounds than it does on YouTube!
Markiplier made a deal with YouTube making it so Iron Lung will only be available for digital on YouTube!
